Video - Understanding Client Chart Management and Medication Tracking
Transcript

0:00 I've done that in the last video, but I'm going to keep going, um, and try to get through this section for you.
0:06 So, releases, we're going to go back to that document manager, that intake packet that I was in. Again, I will show you that in general, one of these boxes needs to be clicked.
0:18 For each consent. This information also needs to be filled out, or it needs to say that they do not have a primary care doctor, but it shouldn't be left blank.
0:32 In any circumstances, unless, if it is going to be blank, this needs to be checked. Go through and make sure that all of these are checked here.
0:49 Again, this information needs to be filled out. Umm, something important for our releases is that if there's a release like this, if we check this other box.
0:58 So if we go through and we check a bunch of these boxes and we check other, they're absolutely needs to be to be something written in this box.
1:07 Umm, if the other isn't checked, then we don't need something in that box, but if we did check other, we need to make sure we actually wrote something in there.
1:17 Uhh. Alright. These, make sure they're filled out. Appropriately. And then we would hit submit, and this would have a client signature.
1:36 And, a stop signature. And it would show as completed. Alright, um, lab screenings one time a week at random. So.
1:52 So, Oh, where I'm gonna go to find out if this is happening in the chart would be, go back to the main page of the client's chart.
1:59 Scroll down, and I'll go to the lab tab. And I should be able to see here, under the result, under the result state that, We, in general, were testing once per week.
2:11 These are the dates I'm looking at here to pull that information. And then medication list. What I'm looking for here is that the med list is up-to-date and complete.
2:22 Fortunately, a leva doesn't allow, us to check that a client is not on any medications. But, so what you'll see in here is this RX is our Client Medication tab.
2:32 I click into that. You can see that this client, their medication type should always say, at home. I don't . I want it to say that we're prescribing it.
2:43 We do not prescribe any medications here. Sometimes, by mistake, the therapist will check prescribed. It should always say home meds though.
2:50 Umm, meds, spot. So, this is where medications would be. It is possible that no medications are going to be there.
3:00 Um, and then there's not really anything that, uh, that we would be able to check or see there because, uh, I guess the way that it works is that there's no way for me to know that somebody for- get to put the medications in or did, um, or- or is this member not on any medications because there's no 
3:20 way to- to check no medications in the chart. Um, but that's what we're looking at in general, is if there is medications that they're- listed and that they say, um.
3:32 So that is this first part of the chart. I want to send, uh, this to you guys this way so that way we can see if this is something that will work and if so, I will then go through and go through all these other areas to show you where we find that, um, and it's- Sure.
3:45 Thanks guys. guys.